Documentation user table admin (#1539)
kartoza/sawps: docs/src/administrator/manual/django-change-data.md

# Django Admin Form

## Activity

![Django Admin Form](./img/django-change-data-4.png)

> 1. **Form fields**: Form where users can input values for their record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Form fields**: Form where administrators can input values for their record.
```

> 2. **Delete button**: Delete currently opened record. It will take users to confirmation page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Delete button**: Delete the currently opened record. It will take administrators to a confirmation page.
```

    ![Confirmation](./img/django-change-data-1.png)

>     1. **Detail**: Detail about the object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. **Detail**: Details about the object.
```

>     2. **Yes, I'm sure**: Button for confirm deletion of object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. **Yes, I'm sure**: Button for confirming the deletion of the object.
```

>     3. **No, take me back**: Button to cancel deletion of the object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. **No, take me back**: Button to cancel the deletion of the object.
```

> 3. **Save and add another**: Save current record, then redirect to a new page to add a new record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Save and add another**: Save the current record, then redirect administrators to a new page to add a new record.
```

> 4. **Save and continue editing**: Save current record while still showing current record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. **Save and continue editing**: Save the current record while still showing the current record.
```

> 5. **Save**: Save current record, then redirect to Django Admin Table/record list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. **Save**: Save the current record, then redirect administrators to the Django Admin Table/record list.
```

> 6. **History**: Button to see actions applied to current record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. **History**: Button to see actions applied to the current record.
```

    ![History](./img/django-change-data-2.png)

## Group

![Confirmation](./img/django-change-data-3.png)

Administrators can update the field of the object by changing the value of the fields. E.g. change the permissions of the group and update the description of the group.

> The other options(`History`, `Delete`, `Save and add another`, `Save and continue editing`, `Save`) work same as they are working for the other objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The other options(`History`, `Delete`, `Save and add another`, `Save and continue editing`, `Save`) work same as they do for the other objects.
```

## Change User

![Change User](./img/django-change-data-5.png)

> 1. **History**: Button to see actions applied to current record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **History**: Button to see actions applied to the current record.
```

2. **Change Password**: The administrator can change the user's password, by clicking on the `this form` link the popup will open to change the user's password.

    - ![Change Password Form](./img/django-change-data-6.png)

    1. **Change Password Form**: Form to change user's password.

    2. **Change Password Button**: The administrator can change user's password by clicking on `CHANGE PASSWORD` button.

### Change User Permission

1.  **Checkbox**: The administrator can grant permissions to a user by checking the checkbox.

2.  **Arrows**: The administrator can assign or unassign a group to the user by selecting and using these arrows.

3. **Choose All**: The administrator can assign all available groups to the user.

4. **Remove All**: The administrator can unassign all groups from the user.

5. **Permissions**: The administrator can assign or unassign permissions to the user using this table.

> 6. **Search Permissions**: The administrator can search for permissions using the search functionality.

Reviewer: Where is the associated screenshot?

> ### Change User Permission
> 
> 1.  **Checkbox**: The administrator can grant permissions to a user by checking the checkbox.
> 
> 2.  **Arrows**: The administrator can assign or unassign a group to the user by selecting and using these arrows.
> 
> 3. **Choose All**: The administrator can assign all available groups to the user.
> 
> 4. **Remove All**: The administrator can unassign all groups from the user.
> 
> 5. **Permissions**: The administrator can assign or unassign permissions to the user using this table.
> 
> 6. **Search Permissions**: The administrator can search for permissions using the search functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Change User Permission

1.  **Checkbox**: The administrator can grant permissions to a user by checking the checkbox.

2.  **Arrows**: The administrator can assign or unassign a group (or groups) to the user by selecting and using these arrows.

3. **Choose All**: The administrator can assign all available groups to the user.

4. **Remove All**: The administrator can unassign all groups from the user.

5. **Permissions**: The administrator can assign or unassign permissions to the user using this table.

6. **Search Permissions**: The administrator can search for permissions using the search functionality.
```

### Change Dates And User Info

![Change dates and User Info](./img/django-change-data-5.png)

1. **Dates**: The administrator can edit last login date-time and date joined date-time of a user from this section.

2. **User**: The administrator can edit user's details.

3. **Delete**: The administrator can delete the user by clicking on this button. The popup will open for the confirmation to delete the user.

3. **Save and add another**: Save current record, then redirect to a new page to add a new record.

4. **Save and continue editing**: Save current record while still showing current record.

> 5. **Save**: Save current record, then redirect to Django Admin Table/record list.

Reviewer: Image does not match text

> 1. **Dates**: The administrator can edit last login date-time and date joined date-time of a user from this section.
> 
> 2. **User**: The administrator can edit user's details.
> 
> 3. **Delete**: The administrator can delete the user by clicking on this button. The popup will open for the confirmation to delete the user.
> 
> 3. **Save and add another**: Save current record, then redirect to a new page to add a new record.
> 
> 4. **Save and continue editing**: Save current record while still showing current record.
> 
> 5. **Save**: Save current record, then redirect to Django Admin Table/record list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Dates**: The administrator can edit the last login date-time and date joined date-time of a user from this section.

2. **User**: The administrator can edit a user's details.

3. **Delete**: The administrator can delete the user by clicking on this button. The popup will open for the confirmation to delete the user.

4. **Save and add another**: Save the current record, then redirect administrators to a new page to add a new record.

5. **Save and continue editing**: Save the current record while still showing the current record.

6. **Save**: Save the current record, then redirect administrators to the Django Admin Table/record list.
```
